Welcome to the Library Studio.
We're going to return towards our
conclusion of the final word picture as we
review what is said not only in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr Psalm,
which is God's retort delivered indirectly
by his co-author, Ethan ha Ezrachy,
to his son,
who he was not in speaking terms with
at this point, Dowd.
We took a little detour because of
something that was conveyed within the
psalm pertaining to Dowd.
And what I have learned is that the
prophecy pertaining to the mother who
would, the woman who would bear a child,
and it's wrongly rendered as virgin in so
many English translations that are
promoted by the Twistian religion,
that it is completely misconstrued.
So in our last program,
I concluded with an analysis of that
terminology,
and I'm going to return to it as
we proceed through this eighty ninth
Mizmowr.
Before I do, I was really surprised about
Oh, twenty minutes ago,
I got a phone call from Facebook.
Now,
Facebook wouldn't know anything that I'm
talking to you about because my live
streams will not are unpresentable
currently on Facebook because of the
errors within their system.
So this person called me.
and I said you know last time I
checked I had five strikes against me on
facebook I'd like to explain each of the
five I want you make sure this is
uh is being recorded and I went through
each of the five that the first was
a presentation of uh the uh videos that
the nine the the October seventh uh
Islamic terrorists recorded to themselves
killing Jews while screaming Allah Akbar.
I did not present it to encourage
terrorism.
Obviously,
I presented it to show who committed those
acts and so that we are aware of
what needs to be done to stop it
and to preclude future acts of terrorism.
And yet Facebook and all of its wisdom
flagged me as promoting terrorism when I
was doing exactly the opposite and
exposing it and condemning terrorism
The next two were both Bondi Beach
Australia Acts, where I,
as the foremost expert on the Quran,
having translated every verse of the Quran
and written five,
eight hundred and twenty five page volumes
explaining the nature of Allah,
Muhammad and the Quran.
showed that the behavior of the Muslims
was consistent with the Quranic message.
And yet you have two unnamed independent
fact checkers who said what I said is
untrue when I know infinitely more about
Islam than they do.
And so you're now O for three.
And then the next two were in my
feed from people I wasn't following.
Facebook decided to present
things that were wholly untrue.
And all I did was say,
this is not true.
And then you flagged me for promoting a
cybersecurity attack when my entire
contribution was to take something you
provided in the feed, and I said,
it's not true.
When you have those five things in a
row, you just say,
Facebook is unmanageable, it's unusable,
it's an absolute and total waste of energy
and time.
And he said, OK, well,
I called you and this message is being
recorded and we wanted to get to the
bottom of what the problem is.
You've made that very clear.
I'm going to try to resolve it.
And I said, before you go,
you need to know that the problem is
far bigger than my issues with Facebook.
Because Facebook went from being nothing
but a liberal promoter until Zuckerberg
decided after the last election that he
had become a tool of the Democratic Party
and didn't like being bossed around.
And so he fired his fact checkers.
And then a year later,
after Facebook became a very comfortable
and desirable place to communicate
information,
it goes to hell almost immediately after
Zuckerberg meets with Trump.
And now if you say anything negative of
MAGA or you try to protect Israel,
you're immediately flagged.
And so the problem of Facebook is much
bigger than me.
Problem of Facebook is that the site is
no longer usable.
And he says, oh my goodness, yes,
I need to deal with this.
Okay, I'll try to resolve this.
I will call you back.
That was my conversation with a real
person at Facebook.
I never thought that would occur,
but it did.
And we had a fifteen,
twenty minute conversation, all recorded.
Hopefully it gets somebody's attention.
You know,
my most recent posts on Facebook were to
actually and I'm not posting on the Craig
Winn site anymore page.
I'm only posting on the
uh facebook uh feeder page which is the
YadaYah facebook page it's a feeder page that
we use for the website to put up
the blog uh for the website to put
up the uh invites to put up the
do you yada all comes from that site
it's just a as I say it's a
feeder site I don't think we even have
twenty five followers on on that site so
but I use it I use the uh
the feed and I present um uh things
for the the website to keep it current
um and so that's really all there is
to it but uh pretty pathetic uh genuinely
a mess but it's amazing that somebody did
call uh and they spoke fluent English they
called from the state of California so
Meta is obviously having serious,
serious problems.
Now, so that you know,
we have now solved the community issue
that Facebook did provide for a better
part of a year.
I enjoyed the site and it provided a
sense of community for a better part of
a year.
And then it got to be nasty because
we were being attacked by hash tagging my
name and all other manner of attack by
the Mother Goddess cults who have nothing
better to do with their life than to
try to impugn my reputation.
And so we weren't reaching any additional
people and it became a very hostile
environment for us.
So we were looking to create a sense
of community on the website.
Joe, working through Claude,
created a very nice community page.
It was up for about an hour.
I posted probably twenty times to it,
interacted.
I think it was with Kevin during that
period of time.
And it worked beautifully.
Then Joe said it wasn't really quite ready
for prime time.
He wants to integrate it into more areas
of the site.
Ultimately,
we'd like to have you be able to
make comments on the post that I have,
both the vlogs, the shorts, and the blog,
all those sections of the website.
We'd like...
family to be able to comment on and
stay engaged in communication on those.
Plus,
anybody can add or respond to a topic
in the community section,
which was up briefly.
I hope that it comes back up tomorrow.
uh but that was the missing link really
on the uh the site other than we're
continuing to add to the basics we'll add
again at least uh two uh well hopefully
maybe one basics tomorrow because we're
going to try to do the anticipated vlog
on the blog which is what's going to
happen this weekend and Iran and what it
means for us we're going to add that
uh tomorrow uh and so
With Family Hour,
the best I might be able to do
is to get one more on Shabuw'ah,
the first one on Shabuw'ah.
Shabuw'ah is probably gonna be a four-part
program.
I'm told by...
Perry, who is working the ASK Yada,
which is now ASK Yada's AI assistant,
that many of the most thoughtful questions
are regarding the eight individuals that
are named, not named,
but described on Shabuw'ah, Taruwah,
and Kipurym and who they might be and
who they represent.
And so I decided that since there are
so many questions on that,
the least I could do is go back
and translate that section.
And when I did,
I came up against something that was just
profoundly prophetic and specific to us.
I read it to both Perry and Rich
today,
and I think you guys would admit that
it's mind-blowing what God had to say and
how specific.
It is another wow moment.
So we'll get to that.
It's about forty pages into the Shabuw'ah
presentation.
I'm trying to put these things together so
they're sound,
solid presentations from God's point of
view on these particular topics.
And while I'm there,
one of the things that Perry has noticed,
he has gone through every question and
every answer thus far that
the AI which is Claude has provided what
the questions were and what the answers
were and he is now posting he'll end
up probably with twenty twenty five uh
suggestive questions that show up a lot
that can just be instantly generated and
that's what he's doing but he noticed that
there was one person in particular
A really,
really malignant woman who is trying to
gain atta girl points at that malignant
cult that we have talked about in the
past.
And, you know,
we get to see what she has to
say.
And it's just revolting.
So I hope you're listening to this program
because you're disgusting.
And it's amazing that a group would claim
that they're Towrah students and yet locked
down their own site, not helping anybody.
Don't give a crap about Israel.
Don't give a crap about anybody other than
themselves.
And their fixation is on disparaging me
and my wife and those who are part
of this covenant community with us.
If you don't think we know what we're
talking about, then why bother?
Just go off and do your own little
thing.
Hmm?
What's wrong with you?
And how many times does Yahowah have to
specifically reference you in prophecy to
say that he is disgusted with you?
And the last one we went over,
he actually said he's sending you to
She'owl.
And yet you still won't back down?
You still have to be belligerent?
Good grief, people.
There's something seriously wrong with
you.
And God's up to here with you.
Now,
I know that the most recent argument was,
oh,
Craig can't be speaking for Yahowah because
Yahowah is merciful and he is mean.
Are you out of your minds?
Have you read anything that Yahowah said
through his prophets as to what his
response is, not only to you,
but to the world in general right now?
Have you gone through Isaiah thirteen
recently where line after line is Yahowah
says, I am disgusted.
I am appalled.
I am annoyed.
My anger is kindled.
And so I'm going to annihilate humankind.
I am going to incinerate them.
I'm going to turn them into goo.
I'm going to baffle them such that they
watch their own faces burn.
And I'm going to prolong this whole
torment because they are so disgusting to
me.
I'm going to make humans as rare as
the gold from Ophir.
Haven't you paid any attention to what God
has to say?
Yeah, he is merciful, but to a very,
very, very tiny slice of humanity.
And that slice doesn't include you.
All right.
One of the things I have pursued,
and I know this is way beyond anybody's
comprehension that hasn't been with me for
a very long time and has been,
as I am,
always willing to go with the words lead.
And we have come upon something now that
Yahowah has managed to validate every which
way.
And that is that Dowd will have at
least six lives.
I would say at least five lives.
I think it's six all total.
But we know of five,
and Dowd's first life,
as we just read from the Ocean Studio,
occurred from long, long ago,
back into the far reaches of antiquity,
and that Dowd was Adam.
and that God has a lot to say
about the lives of Dowd,
of which there are many.
And this is such a simple concept that
I understand that if you're part of the
naysayer cult,
you're incapable of comprehending because,
well,
they're conspiratorialists and
conspiratorialists only have tunnel vision
and they look at a single dot on
the wall.
But the fact of the matter is that
We were assured that Dowd would have a
second and third life after the one where
he was king of Yisrael.
Because he himself said that he was coming
back to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
And God says that he's coming back to
Israel.
to be king of the universe with God
as Elyown,
as all things pertaining to God's
influence.
And God actually says that he enabled,
executed, created,
established the covenant with Dowd,
which means he is the one who fulfilled
the three Mow'ed-Mikrey's that enabled the
covenant's benefit.
So when you know that he has been
in those three lives,
and then you read what we did today
from Micah that says,
Dowd's antiquity goes all the way back in
time to the very beginning and that
everything that God has to say about Adam
and Dowd coalesce and that when
Yahowah finally introduces us to Dowd.
The first thing he says about him is
these all things pertaining to Adam.
So this is very well established.
And then you read the story of Ruth
and Bo'az, and she, as the Amah, says,
I'm going to deliver to you, Bo'az,
the kinsman redeemer.
And she does.
So guess who that means is Dowd's mother
and father,
as he was born yet again to fulfill
Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym in thirty three C.E.
That would be Ruth and Bo'az,
who have had multiple lives under
different names as well.
God inserts people that he knows and can
trust to make certain.
that his plan stays on pace.
So this is another interesting
affirmation.
As for the boy who would be king,
his birth parents were neglectful and
horrendous in the life where he was found
as an eight-year-old shepherd boy.
And this is likely why he made so
many mistakes as a man and showed a
lack of character so many times.
He didn't have proper parenting.
and why he had so much trouble with
women.
Women were to be abused by him.
He was not the kind of man who
ever valued a woman for anything other
than physicality.
And it is likely why God's resolution was
to intervene by introducing him to his
future mother and father in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
as well as in the Thirty-First
uh Mashal uh it's where we find that
Dowd is being counseled by his em his
mother and she indeed would be his mother
and by her husband and indeed he would
be his father
And so it is from that perspective that
I want to share this with you.
The realization that Dowd would come to
know the supportive embrace of an
affectionate mother and father,
the guidance and the protection of parents
is advanced by Yasha'yah in what is now
known as the Virgin will bear a child
prophecy that is presented in Isaiah seven
fourteen.
But of course,
it says nothing of the thing.
And it, Yahowah spoke of the Almah.
The Almah is someone who existed long ago,
whose identity had been concealed and
hidden from most,
and the great prophet therefore conveyed.
It is for this reason, and therefore true,
that Yahowah, by the way,
it's kind of interesting,
misfit that has never made a valid point,
who is the most abusive of the Ask
Yada's AI assistant on our site.
She has come up with her own little
personal way of pronouncing her god's name
that is inconsistent with the letters in
his name,
just as the mother goddess Clique has gone
through two different iterations,
neither one right,
one where they try to justify that
Yahowah's name had, with being Yahowah,
had a mommy and daddy in it,
and they got both concepts wrong.
And then they just went to
Yod-Heh-Wah-Heh,
and so they've gone back to where the
world was before I introduced Yahowah's
name through these books and this site.
Anyway,
it says he himself will actually give.
He himself.
This is Yahowah.
He himself will.
will actually give.
Providing with ongoing implications,
this is Nathan,
he will offer a point and provide.
Bringing forth in the call imperfect,
third person, masculine singular active.
For you, the sign.
which makes this known.
The wonderful and miraculous example and
illustration serving as proof.
This message on the banner,
which can be trusted.
It's from owth.
And owth is the word that Yahowah uses
to describe the influence of the greater
and lesser luminaries who will owth.
serve as a as volunteers to fulfill and
signs to convey the meaning of the Mowedym
the restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony so the sign which makes known
this wonderful miraculous example and
illustration serving as proof this message
on the banner which can be trusted
God himself gonna provide a sign that is
consistent with what we have already read
in the opening chapter of Bare’syth
Genesis.
It's for this reason, it's therefore true.
It is Yahowah, it is he himself.
He is the one who is providing with
ongoing implications.
And it is the owth, the sign,
which is illustrative and serves as proof.
It continues.
Behold, pay attention now.
Ha Almah.
Hal Almah is a young woman who existed
long ago as an immortal soul and whose
identity has been concealed and largely
ignored, leaving the public unaware.
Ha Almah, it's a title,
definite article and everything.
It is one beginning adult life and
marriage, ready to conceive children,
to raise a family.
It is from elem,
a young man ready to bear children,
conceive children.
alam, from antiquity into perpetuity.
And alum, concealed and hidden,
covered over and ignored.
with the public left unaware because this
was not investigated.
It is a compound of al,
over and above, and ma,
to ponder the implications and question
who, why, where, how, or when.
Ha almah, will conceive,
becoming pregnant with a child.
She will have a baby.
It's the participle,
which is a verbal adjective,
feminine singular absolute.
And she will give birth, yalad.
She will be impregnated by the father,
culminating in the delivery of a son.
And she will call out as an invitation
to the Miqra'ey.
She will call out as an invitation to
the Miqra'ey.
This is qara.
She will proclaim, announce.
And this is in the qal.
Take this literally.
Perfect at this moment.
Third person, feminine singular, she.
His name and his renown.
Shem huw.
Emmanuel.
God is with us.
Yahowah provided the owth sign,
which makes known the wonderful and
miraculous example illustrating and
proving this account on the banner which
can be trusted.
Ha almah,
the one who existed long ago and will
live forevermore,
the one whose actual identity has been
obscured, leaving almost everyone unaware,
is the one who is above and beyond
question.
She would bear a child,
the child who is the son given to
us to fulfill the Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
And now,
as we have learned from the Eighty-Ninth
Psalm, with the inclusion of alum huw,
we find a direct association with Dowd.
making him the son and the woman,
his mother, and she is the ‘Amah.
And indeed the preponderance of people
have deprived themselves of many things
relevant to Dowd's upbringing.
So these formative years when his life was
counterfeited by Christians and Jews,
can actually be known,
but it has to be investigated to be
known.
The lies of Christianity have to be
obliterated for it to be understood and
appreciated.
Everything about Jesus was stolen from
Dowd, including his birth,
but not his mother and father's name or
their identity or the purpose or the fact
that
He was not a baby God.
It was a deliberate deception by
Christians and Jews with all of the
relevant information regarding his prior
life omitted and his return transferred to
a myth.
Alumim is the plural form
And it would be inclusive of Dowd as
the elem, as the young man,
ready to conceive and raise a family.
That's what he is doing by fulfilling chag
Matsah.
Then as almah, in the feminine variation,
it is addressing a woman who is now
ready to be his mother,
one from antiquity who would continue well
into the future.
However, as the verbal roots suggest,
she was written out of the story and
she was replaced by another,
a counterfeit.
This time,
Moshe's conniving and power-hungry sister
Miriam's name was used.
It's telling in and of itself, isn't it?
All the while,
rather than rendering Almah as if it were
a Bethuwlah, virgin,
the word should have been dissected.
with its component parts understood, al,
over and above, and ma, questioning.
The who, the what, the where, the why,
the when,
and the how of all of this,
telling us vital information about the
woman who has been deployed throughout
God's story.
God told us the woman who would deliver
the kinsmen redeemer and to whom she would
deliver him and from what city she would
deliver him and that she would be the
Almah.
The entire story of Ruth and Bo'az is
a prophecy,
a harbinger of precisely what would happen
some twenty one hundred to twenty two
hundred years thereafter.
The message of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
the seventh chapter of Yasha'yah,
and Dowd's prophetic Twenty-Second Psalm
all integrate really into one consistent
and compelling story.
It really does the entire presentation
from the opening chapter of the Towrah
through the last chapter of Malachi.
The soul reborn in one BCE was Dowd.
as the Bakowr, the firstborn son of God.
Indeed, as Elyown,
the hand of Almighty God.
His mother and father would have
proclaimed, Emmanuel, God is with us,
because we are with God.
With all of this really so interesting,
and so previously unheralded,
in another chapter we will pursue what,
additional can be gleaned regarding ha
Amah and all of its various cognates we
will pursue Dowd's birth as well as his
mother and father considering what is said
about them and baresyth
Shemowth, two eight.
Mashal, thirty nineteen.
Mizmowr, forty-six one.
While considering the insight from
eighty-nine, forty-five,
where you've just been,
then return to Yasha'yah, fifty-four four.
In fact, that whole chapter of Yasha'yah,
fifty-four.
We might even venture into the Song of
Solomon.
Oh,
my wife wants me to do that in
the worst way because, oh,
there are so many clues of what Solomon
had to say about his surrogate parents,
his mother and father that, well,
the two that served as his mother and
father.
So as a friendly reminder,
This was all orchestrated such that it
would play out as foretold during the
fourth day of creation.
The spring Mowedym would be fulfilled on
schedule,
the Son of God ready to honor his
commitment and establish the covenant at
the dawn of the fourth millennium.
The luminaries were on duty,
just as had been promised.
So now returning to the Eighty-Ninth Song,
after having listened to Yahowah rave over
his son and then condemn those who would
deny him, Ethan ha 'Ezrachy interjects.
This is the nature of prophets chosen by
Yahowah.
And he asks what I think is a
sensible question,
although I'm surely biased.
I think it's one that would not, however,
be answered for another three thousand
years
And as we ponder what he asks,
I'd like to share some conclusions.
First, by allowing Ethan to question him,
Yahowah is showing us that he respects this
man.
He cares about what he thinks and that
he is comfortable with him interjecting
himself
into one of the most essential narratives
ever written between god and man that says
a lot you know sometimes you're trying to
drive a point home and you've got somebody
that interrupts and wants to lay out some
detail that may or may not be related
and you want to say oh can you
just wind down on me finish what I'm
saying it uh it wasn't god's approach at
all it says yeah
That's a valid point.
I'm glad you asked that question.
It's a question everybody should be
asking.
That's really,
really good about that kind of thing.
Not nearly as good.
Second,
by allowing the question at this point in
the song,
God is also revealing that he wants his
testimony conveyed by men to men.
This is because when it is passed through
us,
It is easier for others to relate to
and to understand.
If one fellow gets it,
there is the implication and every reason
to expect that more will follow.
Third, so long as we have been listening,
Yahowah is comfortable with us questioning
him.
This is even true if he doesn't provide
the answer immediately or directly,
as is the case here.
This demonstrates that we should always be
seeking to learn, to augment what we know,
to properly frame the issues and to put
the pieces of the word pictures in their
proper places.
Fourth,
when Yahowah doesn't answer right away,
It is likely because the information we
seek is offered elsewhere,
and we've just missed it previously.
And God knows that we learn and grow
when we remain vigilant, observant,
and thoughtful,
finding what he shared for this purpose.
He also knows that we don't begin with
the kind of sweeping knowledge
that would you would you would even be
able to process answers like we're
considering now if god had reached out to
me twenty five years ago and said oh
by the way these are the various lives
you're going to live and the contributions
you're going to make I would say yeah
right yeah come on it's nonsense if he
was going to
If he would have revealed then even one
percent of what we know now,
I couldn't have processed it.
I didn't have the basis of the knowledge
that is required as a foundation to be
able to process it.
I didn't have the proper perspective.
I didn't have sufficient understanding to
comprehend it.
And it would take twenty five years of
ten, twelve,
fourteen hour days to get there.
And so all things at the proper time.
Now we are given an insight that is
important and we make the intelligent
deductions regarding its feasibility.
And then one after another,
God provides confirmation that what we
have perceived is true.
And so it has to be over the
proper process.
Otherwise, what's the point of anything?
And this gets right back to if you
don't make mistakes and learn from them,
your life is a waste.
No reason to live.
You can't be of any value to anybody.
You can't learn.
You can't grow.
You can't develop.
You can't even prove your worth.
You're of no interest to anyone.
If you were to start off life with
complete, total,
and accurate information so that your
recall and your understanding was perfect,
what a terrible place to be in.
It would truncate everything I was trying
to do.
It would render being observant worthless.
It would render listening meaningless.
It would render thinking and being
thoughtful, being wise,
Understanding moot.
No value to any of it.
No reason to read his testimony.
No reason to translate it.
No reason to ponder the implications of it
because you could not learn anything from
it.
You'd already be there.
You'd know it all.
Not a single thing that you could do
that would be worthwhile in your life.
I don't know why people can't get that
through their mind.
Or that if you were perfect and everything
you said was true, first of all,
you couldn't work with Yahowah because he
has never used such a person because such
people don't exist.
And that the people that he is closest
to and enjoys working with the most are
highly flawed individuals.
Why?
Because when you make a mistake,
you then have the opportunity to prove
that you can be trusted.
by correcting it, learning from it,
and growing from there.
And that's why making mistakes and
learning from them is so essential.
And if those speaking for God can't go
through that same process,
then what are we doing?
Isn't it our point?
Isn't it God's point to lead through these
examples?
to show you it's okay to put the
pieces together, to come to a conclusion,
to have done your homework and been
rational about it and been partially
right,
and then learn something later that
directs your attention to a better,
more substantive,
inspiring conclusion, and then sharing.
This is why I said this.
This is why I now have concluded that
this is true.
And this is the process that I went
through, which brought us to this place.
Oh, that's open.
It's honest.
It's approachable.
It's an example that we can live with,
that we can grow from and a way
that everyone then has the opportunity to
learn, to grow and to earn Yahowah's trust.
And of course,
sometimes it's just best that we don't
know too much at once.
It's overwhelming.
I mean, I want to tell you,
this job is overwhelming.
I don't think there's anybody that's
active in the covenant family that isn't a
bit overwhelmed,
particularly as we move through these last
days.
It is overwhelming.
And if we knew everything that we will
eventually know,
I think our little brains would just fry
out.
So without the maturity and the
wherewithal to process something
particularly profound,
a premature revelation would likely
overwhelm us.
Some people would incapacitate.
So we receive answers and insights like
the ones that I have just shared.
When the time is right and we're prepared
to handle what the world has missed,
I mean,
I cannot overstate how essential this
particular lesson has been.
And all of the quarter century I've spent
with God.
And you should feel comfortable knowing
that you can make a mistake.
Just don't be belligerent about it.
And then when you learn more, correct it,
grow from it.
Share the correction.
Be proud of it.
because it demonstrates something
profoundly important about you that is
exceedingly rare among people.
It's the very people that want perfection
that are the furthest from it.
Now, fifth,
when we find a question posed by a
prophet, as was Ethan ha 'Ezrachy,
in this particular situation,
in almost all cases,
They know the answer.
I'm not going to ask a question before
God that is going to become public if
that question is going to somehow
embarrass God or take us off track from
the conversation that he is pursuing.
So they are asking questions for the
reader's benefit, not theirs.
Moreover,
they are setting us up quite often for
what comes next.
And that is also the case here.
Sixth,
this question is actually foundational.
It is essential to Chanokh's existence,
to Ethan's prophecy,
to Dowd's restoration,
and to Yada's witness.
Because my friends,
the answer to this question
is until Yada Yahowah.
For how long, adma, until when?
Will the eternal witness, excuse me,
will the eternal witness and the restoring
testimony of Yahowah, of Yahowah,
What needs to be done to get that
very straightforward pronunciation of
Yahowah's name from His Towrah, from Hayah,
from Elowah, from Shalowm known?
Why is it people who were in my
company for a decade and
They're now deceiving and going backwards.
Why is it the people whose ancestors were
with Yahowah for three thousand years can't
get this right?
It's so foundational.
It's from Hayah.
And it's found in the Towrah.
Put the pieces together.
It's Yahowah.
For how long, Yahowah?
Will you remain hidden, concealed,
and virtually unknown?
It's true.
Right now,
there isn't one in a million people who
know Yahowah.
Not one in a million.
I'd be surprised if right now there were
more than a couple of hundred people
in our company who know Yahowah,
know his name, use his name,
know what he is offering and what he
expects in return, know his beloved son,
know what he hates and what he loves.
The true nature of Yahowah is virtually
unknown in our world.
And when it comes to that,
There is one person who made a difference
in changing all of that.
And for those who would try to deny
it, who is your Nakry?
Who is your Choter?
Who is the voice?
Who is Obed-Edom?
Who is the man from Edom?
Who is the Adamah Parah?
Who is Yada?
Who is the Herald?
Your righteous indignation, oh,
that's really painful.
The most recent attack, oh,
Craig can't be speaking for me because I
was merciful and he's meaner to us.
I'm only meaner to you because you're
revolting,
because you're an obstacle in the way,
because you are leading so many people
astray and you won't get it out of
your craw to just crawl away.
But what is it?
Your righteous indignation.
Well, that doesn't sound merciful to me.
Your overt displeasure,
your furious antagonism is kindled and it
burns imminently and prominently like
fire.
Psalm eighty-nine, forty six.
Many of you will notice that I've changed
the header on the homepage of YadaYah.com.
John Voight is the one through whom I
created this logo,
but if you don't like it,
blame me entirely.
He followed my instructions.
It is designed to look like it has
been forged like a sword,
because this is the Yahowah that exists
right now.
His animosity is kindled and it burns.
It's eminent and it's prominent like a
fire.
He is righteously indignant.
He is overtly displeased.
He's furious.
He is antagonistic.
He is hostile.
He is enraged.
And that is not going to change over
the next seven years.
it gets so bad as I have said
god is going to essentially eliminate
humankind so Yahowah is loving because he's
hateful if he were not hateful he would
not be loving god is not looking for
us to be mild mannered and sweet and
to attract all the little
people that just want to be loved.
No,
he wants us to be as aggressive as
he is.
He wants our indignation and displeasure
and antagonism to burn.
If you're going to represent Yahowah,
you must act like Yahowah.
Yahowah's response to humanity
right now is this righteously indignant
overtly displeased antagonistic and
furious his rage is kindled and it burns
if you can't deal with that if you
need your god to be all cuddly and
cute all loving all merciful
then you're dealing with a false God,
one that you have made to accommodate you.
God's fed up with humankind and for damn
good reason.
The fact is that you cannot be loving
until you learn who, how, where, when,
why, and most importantly, how to hate.
We must learn how to hate those who
are deliberately deceitful,
those who are antagonistic towards God and
his people,
those who deceive and yet parade around as
if they're students of the Towrah.
We must despise the rabbis, the priests,
the pastors, the imams,
along with the rapists and the pedophiles.
If you do not despise Donald Trump,
who is a human manifestation of Satan,
then you are as corrupt as he is.
So we have a trend.
This is the third time in two statements
where we have encountered a variation of
concealed and hidden.
This didn't happen perchance.
And it did not occur during Dowd's youth
as the former shepherd prepared to serve
as the lamb.
The identity of his mother then were
concealed.
And now it's God's true identity that has
remained unknown.
Like father, like son.
The world doesn't know Yahowah.
The world doesn't know Dowd.
They won't even use either one of their
names.
With two point four billion Christians,
one point nine billion Muslims,
one point one billion Hindus,
point five billion Buddhists and another
half a billion animus would be the crazies
and I couldn't call them crazies.
That's not fair.
But the nature worshipers and throughout
Africa and other places, sun, wind, fire,
that sort of thing.
That represents some eighty percent of the
world's eight billion people.
Eighty percent of eight billion people are
religious.
It's hard for most to accept the fact
that Yahowah is God and that he is
essentially unknown because he hates
religion and he's going to annihilate the
religious.
You know,
we're coming to the point of the great
extinction event.
If we're presenting God as, oh,
he's so loving.
He just wants to embrace you.
He loves all the little children.
Come in and sit at mommy's feet.
Daddy will love you.
We're doing the world a grave disservice
because ninety nine point nine nine nine
percent of those who are alive today will
not be alive at the conclusion of Taruwah
in twenty thirty three.
And God's riddance of the miscreants is
because he loves his people and he wants
to protect the remnant and he wants to
restore and save this planet.
So for most of the past two thousand
years,
there wasn't a single soul who knew or
served.
Yeah.
So let's be clear.
The religious do not know God,
nor do the conspiratorial.
Religious gods have been and continue to
be conceived by the very men the real
God made.
Therefore, goddamn religion.
Yahowah hates the institution,
and he is furious with religious
believers, anti-Semites,
conspiratorialists.
those who are overtly political.
Look what the blend of religion and
politics with MAGA has conceived with
Donald Trump and the literal destruction
of the world.
This is God's constant.
It's unchanging.
It's his overriding message to the world.
The religious are not speaking for him.
They are not leading anyone to God.
They are not serving God.
They're not even praying to or worshiping
God.
Not that God wants to be prayed to
or worshiping.
They are angering and antagonizing God.
Yahowah's animosity towards the religious
burns like an all consuming blaze.
He first revealed his propensity to scorch
that which annoyed him in Bare’syth with
Sodom.
And then again,
outside the Israeli encampment prior to
Moshe's meltdown in Numbers.
So this is nothing new.
God,
when he saw his people creating the golden
calf, he had the earth swallow them.
When he heard the spies come back with
all manner of lies, he said,
you're all going to die.
Everybody over twenty years of age is
going to be a pile of carcasses.
God is on record stating that he will
incinerate everyone.
And anything that he perceives is tainted
by the plague of religion or politics,
of conspiracy, of antisemitism.
You don't have to have all four.
One will do you.
So when you see the Haredi dancing a
religious jig or bobbing their heads
against a stone wall,
Muslims prostrating themselves or
Twistians bowing down in prayer,
you'll know their fate and their final
doom.
Well,
that's another thing this misguided clique
of miscreants is doing.
They want to promote the way God tells
you to pray.
It's just disgusting.
The last time the majority of Israelites
knew Yahowah was in year three thousand.
Yeah.
Three millennia ago during Dowd's initial
reign at King.
And even then it was for a brief
period.
And even then, of course,
they rebelled against him.
And prior to that time,
especially during the Exodus,
the Israelites were obnoxious towards God.
Ever since and until quite recently,
the number of Jews who knew God dwindled
to none, zero.
And it would not be until we began
to post the Yada Yahowah series online that
this finally began to change,
albeit very slowly.
These books are labeled Yada Yahowah for a
reason.
With one thousand, excuse me, one million,
I should say,
eight hundred thousand shrill Jewish
voices and another five billion Christians
and Muslims fanning the flames of divine
wrath.
Well,
I thought that God might enjoy something
less irritating.
But nonetheless, those who are irritating,
found me even today with all of the
attention we have brought to his name and
his story Yahowah remains unpopular
For example,
the one point eight million Haredi are so
intellectually incapacitated by the rabbis
after constant religious manipulation,
they can only pretend to be godly and
defame righteousness.
And all the while they continue to
engender Yahowah's antagonism.
So let's be clear.
We cannot be consistent with God and
pro-Israel without being anti-Judaism.
Can you process that?
You cannot be consistent with God.
You cannot serve with God.
You cannot be pro-Israel without being
anti-Judaism.
While the religious would equate Judaism
with being Jewish,
God says just the opposite.
One cannot be a Yahuwd while religious.
You can be Jewish.
You just can't be a Yahuwd,
which means beloved of Yah.
Three millennia, of course,
is a very long time,
at least by our standards,
but perhaps not by God's.
Time does not flow for him as it
does for us.
Unlike creatures bound to the earth,
Yahowah, as a spiritual being,
determines exactly how he will experience
time,
varying the pace of its flow to suit
his needs.
The twenties centuries,
which have crawled past since the Messiah
fulfilled Chag Matsah, were so horrid,
it's unlikely that God paid attention to
anything that occurred during that span.
Unfortunately,
we have reached the conclusion of this
interval.
With each word we translate and share,
with each new revelation and insight,
Yahowah becomes, well, less hidden,
better known,
at least to a few people.
And God's quite comfortable with it
remaining that way,
with it being a few people.
He is more into this than he is
to this.
When father and son return on Yowm Kipurym,
the day of reconciliations in year six
thousand, Yah, October second at sunset,
twenty thirty three in Jerusalem.
God will be appreciated to the extent that
Yahowah's Choter, his stem, his Nakry,
his observant foreigner,
his Nes sign of the son, his Basar,
herald of the king, and his Zarowa,
the one sowing the seeds of the harvest,
make that possible.
Augmenting what we have done through the
books, blogs, and YadaYah.com site, within,
well, four years of this writing,
on Passover 2030 and, um, we can expect ElYah,
Yah's God, Elijah, and Yada, he knows,
to enter the city of Dowd, Jerusalem.
the source of instruction on
reconciliation, to let the world know,
in no uncertain terms,
just how displeased God is with humankind,
particularly Christians, Muslims,
Marxists, MAGA, the Haredim,
the conspiratorial, the militant,
and the anti-Semitic.
Our message is not going to be
conciliatory.
We're not going to be evangelists.
We're not going to beg anyone to listen.
We're not going to call people such that
they can pick and choose what they like
or don't like.
We're going to tell them the truth.
God is mad as hell and he's not
going to take it anymore.
You either accept his terms and show
that...
you're worthy of consideration or he will
push you away and you won't survive the
realization that Yahowah has been unknown
to his people and to all mankind for
millennia is not only an essential
reminder of man's overwhelming preference
for religion over relationship one that
God intended
This underscores the need for Yahowah to
reinstall his routinely deployed one and
the ‘Amah, productive mother,
at this particular time.
Without them,
mankind's ignorance of Yahowah and Dowd
would remain.
There would be no Shabuw'ah or Taruwah
harvest,
no Yom Kipurym return or camping out
together during Sukah.
It would all have been for naught.
This is why Yahowah spoke so vociferously
about our collaboration together.
So it should be no surprise that the
ultimate discovery,
that of Dowd being the one who fulfilled
the Mowedym as the son of God and
returning king,
was found and shared by this same witness,
the one who would also reintroduce Yahowah's
name.
So now as the sands of time,
they rush out of the hourglass,
it gets personal because
God's preferred witness will have but one
lifetime remaining to resolve the
lingering conflict.
Since the previous question is answered by
Ethan's next statement,
let's consider how one idea flows into the
next.
Remember the previous statement was,
for how long, Yahowah?
will you remain hidden,
concealed and virtually unknown.
Your righteous indignation,
your overt displeasure and furious
antagonism,
they're kindled and burn against the
foolish and brutish,
eminently and prominently like fire.
You have chosen to remind me as one
of the most memorable of men
Your will is to recall this information
about a noteworthy man and these events to
me,
asserting these truths for me as a man.
The zakar means to remember,
and zakar is a man,
and they are written identically in the
original text.
This was conveyed in the qal imperative
second person masculine singular.
So you have chosen,
to remind me as one of the more
memorable of men,
to ponder the declaration of one life in
this world,
to consider how much time is left and
to inquire how temporary things compared
to all eternity.
What is one lifetime?
such that we know how long things will
continue to transpire in this world at the
present pace,
even how long time is managed?
Was it for nothing, for false pretenses,
and for no result that you,
speaking to Yahowah,
created all of the descendants of Adam,
Mizmowr.
Lyrics to sing Psalm.
Eighty nine forty seven.
If it were not for Yada.
And Yada Yahowah.
They would all be for naught.
Creation would be for naught.
If it were not for.
Noach
the experiment with the neshamah man would be
for naught.
If it were not for ElDod and MyDod
during the time that Moshe gave up,
the children of Yisrael would never have
had a completed Towrah.
In fact, half of it would be unknown.
And the story would not have continued.
Had it not been for Ethan Ha Ezrachy,
the ‘Amah and her husband,
Dowd would have died estranged from Yahowah
and would never have fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym.
Had we not returned at this time to
tell you what we have learned about
Yahowah,
revealing ten thousand things that no one
had pondered previously,
who have written thirty-five books,
twenty-five thousand pages,
thousands of audio programs,
to reintroduce Yahowah's name,
to restore Dowd's reputation and his
achievements, to explain the timeline,
the purpose of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
the conditions of the covenant,
the nature of the Towrah,
the revelations of the prophets.
Had that not all occurred,
as Yahowah arranged it to happen,
it would all be for nothing and no
result.
In this context, of course,
that statement is profound.
God wants to remind us that everything he
has planned must be arranged such that it
occurs as foretold.
And now all of it has to materialize
over one lifetime, this one,
for there to be a favorable result for
humankind.
As such, it appears that Ethan,
the perpetually reoccurring,
the steadfast,
the continuously deployed and eternally
engaged,
the long established and unrelenting one,
who is perpetually productive.
Ha Ezrachy,
the prepared and equipped one,
ready for battle, rising up as a tree,
coming forth and shining with logical
expressions regarding all of the sequence
of events.
As a Zarowa’ is now drawing our attention
to our collaboration at this time.
Now,
had Ethan not engaged in this way to
salvage Doe's relationship with Yahowah,
had he not prevailed,
there would be no salvation.
There would be no covenant.
There would be no fulfilled prophecy and
no chance to enter God's presence.
It would all
have been for naught.
Now,
do you get an understanding as to why
God just didn't leave all this to chance?
Why he picked people, souls, that he knew,
that he realized he could rely upon
because they'd figure it out and get it
done because they were tenacious?
Because they would work with him?
Well, Ethan ha Ezrachy?
began sharing what he had come to know
about Yahowah.
And this had begun, well, a long,
long time ago.
We're even told how he would return,
coming out of the sea to agitate and
eventually crush the ultimate adversary,
Rahab.
while serving as the final Zarowa.
From that point, it was all about Dowd,
with Yahowah telling us that his son,
our Messiah and returning king,
was not only our savior, but Elyown,
the very influence of God.
Then Yahowah equated Dowd to the sun and
to the one reflecting his brilliance as
the moon.
Thereafter,
the narrative has been condemning of those
who have robbed the Son of God of
his dignity and acclaim,
which would be virtually the entire
planet.
Thereupon, we come upon this statement,
the only one of its kind in the
Psalms.
Revealed near the center of mankind's
journey,
out of the garden and back to Eden
around, 982 BCE
Dowds Psalm Serves as a marker
in time one thousand years thereafter on Passover
in 33 CE Gods beloved son served as the Zarowa
the sacrificial lamb
and he fulfilled Pesach, Matsah and Bikuwrym
to redeem his people and to enable the
covenant's blessings.
Forty Yowbel thereafter,
he will return to reconcile the remnant of
Yisrael on Yowm Kipurym.
The thought of the Messiah suffering in
this manner some two thousand years ago is
hard to fathom from our perspective,
but not from the father's or from his
own.
What are two hellish days compared to an
eternity with thousands of covenant
members now home as a result of the
sacrifice?
And all the while we were enveloped in
the spirit of Yah,
the anguishing memory would fade while the
covenant he enabled would endure forever,
as well as the knowledge that he did
this for us.
The three epics of Forty Yowbel,
each lasting two thousand years,
of course,
may seem like an interminable period.
However,
for God and for those with him in
the spiritual realm of the heavens of the
seventh dimension,
it equates to the blink of an eye.
Time is relative, albeit not here,
not for us, not now.
The period from the expulsion from Eden to
the affirmation of the covenant with
Abraham, allowing us to reenter,
would be Forty Yowbel.
Another two thousand years would pass from
our perspective, looking back,
until father and son delivered the
benefits of the covenant by fulfilling
Passover on unyeasted bread and firstborn
children.
And from the fulfillment of the first
three Mowedym in year four thousand YAH,
to the return of father and son,
to enable the final Miqra'ey in year six
thousand YAH, of course,
will be another forty Yowbel.
Bringing us to twenty thirty three CE.
Just seven years now from this program.
In the spring of twenty twenty six.
this is the duration of events that is
being addressed god's timing for this to
play out is what we have presented and
conceived and of course much of this
resolve revolves around Dowd he is the
king not only then but also tomorrow he
is the messiah the son of god the
passover lamb
And should I be right about the
designation of firstborn,
being a reference to Adam,
which Yahowah has now affirmed,
then Dowd is featured from the very
beginning to the end of the timeline.
There is even some indication that Dowd
could also have been Shem,
based upon Yahowah's comments pursuant to
him, to his father, Noah.
And
to his brothers Canaan and Jepheth, if so.
This would have given Yahowah yet another
lifetime to have evaluated Dowd's soul
before his pronouncements regarding him as
an eight-year-old boy at this time.
These things all considered, rest assured,
Yahowah did not conceive humankind for us
to be religious and antagonistic.
Therefore, to save us from ourselves,
Father and Son resolved the issues which
separated them and those that estranged
the rest of us with these lyrics
showcasing his plan.
And now, three thousand years later,
I'm sharing our thoughts.
all to prepare people for the harvest and
to equip the covenant members for their
responsibilities going forward.
As we have discovered,
Yahowah initiates the relationships He
wants to form,
leaving our response subject to our own
free will.
He picks and he chooses among the men
and women who either amuse him,
impress him,
or just pique his interest in some way,
seeing them as potentially serviceable.
All of these individuals share something
in common, however,
and that each has walked away from
religion and politics prior to Yahowah's
introduction.
They're all willing to listen, even go.
where His words lead,
and they all see it through.
Free will, of course, works both ways.
Yahowah enjoys it,
which is why He offered free will to
us.
So since it is His universe and His
home,
He is entitled to invite whomever He
pleases to spend all eternity with Him.
so long as he is consistent in his
approach and the beneficiaries are
properly vetted.
And that is essential.
It isn't to say that it is impossible
to find Yahowah independently,
but as the previous statement suggests,
God is hidden from most.
because the preponderance of people are
either religious, political,
conspiratorial, patriotic, militant,
or otherwise too distracted to consider
the truth,
and they can't even begin by getting his
name right.
That's just the first step.
But more than any other reason that so
few people know Yahowah is because of men
like Paul.
They've plagued the world with their lies.
And so just as Sha'uwl was called out
by name and condemned as the plague of
death and Chabaquwq, Habakkuk,
the son of evil is similarly identified in
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
This is the man who authored the Christian
New Testament's first fourteen tomes.
It's most deadly.
He's the one who inspired Mark, Luke,
Acts,
and Matthew with his vitriol.
And if that were not enough in response
to his demonic appeal,
Akiba and company would conceive Judaism
as a rebuttal.
And while Paul was the villain,
Dowd is the Gibowr.
It serves as the root of Gibowr,
Gibowrah and Gabry'el.
The statement reads,
what man of strength and of character who
is confirmed and empowered to prevail
continues to live while restoring life and
will not witness a continuance of death as
a result of the plague.
He delivers his soul,
rescuing and saving his persona,
his nephesh.
from the hand and the influence of Sha'uwl,
questioning him.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
And so we shall.
This will be our concluding statement for
this program.
We'll return to it on our program,
hopefully tomorrow.
What man of strength and character?
Who is the Giber?
As the basis of Gibowr,
and Gibowrah and Gabry'el, who is confirmed,
who has been empowered to prevail,
and who continues to live,
who isn't dead and buried,
as Peter and Paul would portend,
who continues to live.
That's because the death of a physical
body is meaningless.
Good riddance, the soul that matters.
And it says here he will not witness
a continuance of death.
Body dies,
the soul immediately ends up in the
presence of YAH.
He delivers his soul.
Yahowah delivers his soul.
He rescues and saves this persona from the
hand and the influence of Sha'uwl.
And so who was it that was the
first to associate the demon-possessed
anti-Towrah Sha'uwl who was so anti-Dowd,
three thousand years ago?
with the Sha'uwl who was so antagonistic
towards Dowd,
celebrating his death and was so
vehemently anti-Towrah,
two thousand years ago.
Would it not be this same person?
Who is the one that revealed that Dowd
would live many lives and that God would
save through him?
And that Sha'uwl was the one who manipulated
everything that pertains to Dowd to
create the myth of Christianity.
Same person, right?
Maybe you ought to listen to him.
He got a whole lot right, didn't he?
And no one else has ever seen.
You think there might be a reason?
Thank you for listening.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.